<!-- 04_actors.md {% comment %}
*****************************************************************************************
*                            WARNING: DO NOT EDIT THIS FILE                             *
*                                                                                       *
* This file is generated by SUSHI. Any edits you make to this file will be overwritten. *
*                                                                                       *
* To change the contents of this file, edit the original source file at:                *
* ig-data\input\pagecontent\04_actors.md                                                *
*****************************************************************************************
{% endcomment %} -->
This section describes the different actors in the [Use Cases](use_cases.html) and their
roles in implementing the requirements in this guide.

### Implementers
#### Device
Mobile Health Devices (or simply Devices) include blood pressure cuffs, weight scales, mobile phones,
fitness trackers, smart watches, GPS trackers, medical devices (e.g., a C-PAP machine),
thermometers, SPO2 monitors, respiration devices, and clothing with embedded smart
devices.  These devices are often accompanied by applications (see below) and may
be designed to work with specific data repositories. Devices may or may not be regulated health
devices.

Features, Rules and test Scenarios applicable to Device actors will be marked with
the @Device tag.

#### App
Mobile Health Applications (a.k.a. Mobile Health Apps or simply Apps) include integrated
smart-phone Apps (e.g., Google Health, Apple Health, and Samsung Health),
activity and fitness tracking Apps (e.g., FitBit and Runkeeper), weight and diet monitoring
applications (e.g., Withings), and other physical fitness and health monitoring Apps.

Mobile Health Applications can also be web-based applications, so long as they are designed
to be accessible via a mobile health device.

Requirements, Rules and test Scenarios applicable to App actors will be marked with
the @App tag.

#### Data Repository
Mobile Health Data Repositories collect mobile health data from multiple devices
and make it possible for users to access, analyze and aggregate data across devices.
These applications may also enable population analysis for select populations.

Many device vendors use a cloud based data repository with an API to support data collection and query
across their product line.

Requirements, Rules and test Scenarios applicable to Data Repository actors will be marked with
the @Infra tag.

#### Data Consumer
Mobile Health Data Consumers can access one or more Mobile Health Data Repositories
and potentially other sources. These components provide additional tools enabling users
to analyze mobile health data.  These applications are generally designed for and used
by patients.  Some vendors build applications with features supporting the needs of healthcare
providers.  These applications may come with, or be designed to work with a single vendor's
Data Repository.  Somee can work with data repositories from multiple vendors.

Requirements, Rules and test Scenarios applicable to Data Consumer actors will be marked with
the @Consumer tag.

### Users

#### Patients
Patients and their representatives are the end users of the systems being
assessed by this framework.

#### Providers
Providers are users of systems that provide access to patient data collected
by thee systems  assessed by this framework, and may also be users of provider
focused features in applications supported by these systems.

#### Organizations
Provider and health information exchange organizations may be responsible
for provisioning these systems, and providing them to patients or their healthcare
providers to supply them to patients. They will often be very involved in assessments
of these systems on beehalf of their patients and providers.
