<!-- attribution.md {% comment %}
*****************************************************************************************
*                            WARNING: DO NOT EDIT THIS FILE                             *
*                                                                                       *
* This file is generated by SUSHI. Any edits you make to this file will be overwritten. *
*                                                                                       *
* To change the contents of this file, edit the original source file at:                *
* ig-data\input\pagecontent\11_attribution.md                                           *
*****************************************************************************************
{% endcomment %} -->
Features in the Attribution category ensure that metadata about reported measurements
are included to identify the device creating a measurement, the author creating manually
entered data, and that devices are not permanently linked to a given user and can be
readily replaced at need.

This metadata is typically considered to be Provenance information (related to
the [Provenance](https://www.hl7.org/fhir/R4/provenance.html) FHIR Resource of the same name).
Provenance information helps establish authenticity of the recorded information, can
be used to identify issues related to a specific device or type of device.

When this metadata is not available, operational procedures can be used to obtain some
measure of assurance about the source data, but do not provide nearly as strong
assurance as when it is.

Many mobile devices are small, readily lost or broken.  Anyone whose run their fitness
tracker through the laundry can attest to the fact they may need to be replaced.  The
ability to connect the measurement to the device allows receivers of measurement
data to rule in or out a change in device as a reason for change in resulting
measurements.  Apps, devices and infrastructure should enable such capabilities.

Some devices easily accommodate use by multiple members of the same household to use
them (e.g., weight scales and blood pressure cuffs).  Additional requirements in this
category ensure that devices and apps which work with them can support this sort of
use.  Even devices considered to be personal use (a smart watch or fitness tracker)
might be shared as one person "tries it out" for a bit to see if it's something they
want to acquire for themselves.  Devices can also be handed down or off to others as
users upgrade and acquire new technology.

<span id='measurement-device-can-be-identified'/>
### <span class='glyphicon text-success glyphicon-dashboard'/> Feature: Measurement Device Can be Identified

    The device that performs the measurement **SHALL** be uniquely identified and that identifier
    **SHALL** persist throughout that devices lifetime.

Each type of device has attributes with regard to precision, accuracy and quality which
can impact the interpretation of measurements taken by the device.  Knowledge of the
device helps greatly in interpreting the results.


<span id='device-is-identified'/>
#### Scenario: Device is Identified


GIVEN
: <i>&lt;Device&gt;</i> performs a measurement

   AND
   : <i>&lt;Device&gt;</i> is uniquely identified with <i>&lt;Identifier&gt;</i>

WHEN
: <i>&lt;Measurement&gt;</i> has been obtained

THEN
: <i>&lt;Identifier&gt;</i> can be found from <i>&lt;Measurement&gt;</i>


<span id='device-identifier-persists'/>
#### Scenario: Device Identifier Persists


GIVEN
: <i>&lt;Device&gt;</i> that can perform a measurement

   AND
   : <i>&lt;User1&gt;</i>

   AND
   : <i>&lt;User2&gt;</i>

   AND
   : an <i>&lt;App1&gt;</i> used by <i>&lt;User1&gt;</i>

   AND
   : an <i>&lt;App2&gt;</i> used by <i>&lt;User2&gt;</i> (can be the same app as for User1)

WHEN
: a <i>&lt;Measurement1&gt;</i> is taken for <i>&lt;User1&gt;</i> by <i>&lt;App1&gt;</i>

   AND
   : a <i>&lt;Measurement2&gt;</i> is taken for <i>&lt;User2&gt;</i> by <i>&lt;App2&gt;</i>

THEN
: there is an <i>&lt;Identifier1&gt;</i> in the <i>&lt;Device&gt;</i> record associated with <i>&lt;Measurement1&gt;</i>

   AND
   : there is an <i>&lt;Identifier2&gt;</i> in the <i>&lt;Device&gt;</i> record associated with <i>&lt;Measurement2&gt;</i>

   AND
   : <i>&lt;Identifier2&gt;</i> = <i>&lt;Identifier1&gt;</i>


<span id='identify-manually-entered-data-and-the-author-of-it'/>
### <span class='glyphicon text-success glyphicon-phone'/> <span class='glyphicon text-success glyphicon-cloud'/> Feature: Identify Manually Entered Data And the Author of it

    If an app enables recording of outside measurements that app **SHALL** identify
measures as that have been manually entered by the user of the app, and the
user **SHALL** be identified also.


<span id='manually-entered-data-can-be-detected'/>
#### Scenario: Manually Entered Data Can be Detected

    Manualy entered data shall be distinguishable from device recorded data.

GIVEN
: An app that enables user entry of data manually,

   AND
   : a <i>&lt;User&gt;</i>

   AND
   : a manually entered <i>&lt;Measurement&gt;</i>

WHEN
: <i>&lt;Measurement&gt;</i> is accessed by another system or transmitted to infrastructure

THEN
: The <i>&lt;Measurement&gt;</i> can be identified as having been manually entered.


<span id='the-user-who-entered-the-data-can-be-identified.'/>
#### Scenario: The User Who Entered the Data Can be Identified.

    The user manually entering data shall be recorded.

GIVEN
: An <i>&lt;App&gt;</i> that enables user manual entry of data

   AND
   : a <i>&lt;User&gt;</i>

   AND
   : a manually entered <i>&lt;Measurement&gt;</i>

WHEN
: <i>&lt;Measurement&gt;</i> is accessed by another system or transmitted to infrastructure

THEN
: The <i>&lt;Measurement&gt;</i> can be identified as having been manually entered by <i>&lt;User&gt;</i>.

