{% comment %} ************************************************************************************************* {% endcomment %}
{% comment %} *                                WARNING: DO NOT EDIT THIS FILE                                 * {% endcomment %}
{% comment %} *                                                                                               * {% endcomment %}
{% comment %} * This file is generated by SUSHI. Any edits you make to this file will be overwritten.         * {% endcomment %}
{% comment %} *                                                                                               * {% endcomment %}
{% comment %} * To change the contents of this file, edit the original source file at:                        * {% endcomment %}
{% comment %} * C:\Users\kboone\git\fhir-project-mhealth\ig-data\input\pagecontent\42_general_requirements.md * {% endcomment %}
{% comment %} ************************************************************************************************* {% endcomment %}

The Clinical Vital Signs Category describes requirements supporting additional data needed for
accurate interpretation of device measurements in a clinical setting.
<span id='a-time-stamp-or-time-period-is-recorded-for-each-measurement'/>
### <span class='glyphicon text-success glyphicon-phone'/> <span class='glyphicon text-success glyphicon-dashboard'/> <span class='glyphicon text-success glyphicon-cloud'/> Feature: A Time Stamp or Time Period is Recorded for Each Measurement

 The time stamp or time period **SHALL** be recorded and reported for each measurement taken

 Note: These requirements are checked for each vital sign, physical activity or sleep measure for which the system is
 being assessed.  If the requirement fails for **ANY** measurement, the requirement is considered to not be met.


<span id='vital-signs-have-a-time-stamp'/>
#### <span class='glyphicon text-success glyphicon-phone'/> <span class='glyphicon text-success glyphicon-dashboard'/> <span class='glyphicon text-success glyphicon-cloud'/> Scenario: Vital Signs Have a Time Stamp


GIVEN
: a <i>&lt;User&gt;</i>

WHEN
: a <i>&lt;Measurement&gt;</i> of the <i>&lt;User&gt;</i> vital signs is performed or recorded

THEN
: that <i>&lt;Measurement&gt;</i> has a time stamp indicating when it was taken.


<span id='physical-activity-or-sleep-has-a-time-period'/>
#### <span class='glyphicon text-success glyphicon-phone'/> <span class='glyphicon text-success glyphicon-dashboard'/> <span class='glyphicon text-success glyphicon-cloud'/> Scenario: Physical Activity or Sleep Has a Time Period


GIVEN
: a <i>&lt;User&gt;</i>

WHEN
: a <i>&lt;Measurement&gt;</i> of the <i>&lt;User&gt;</i> physical activity or sleep is performed or recorded

THEN
: that <i>&lt;Measurement&gt;</i> has a time period indicating when it occured.


<span id='multiple-user-support'/>
### <span class='glyphicon glyphicon-phone'/> <span class='glyphicon glyphicon-dashboard'/> Feature: Multiple User Support

A given device **SHALL** be able to be used by more than one user.

Users from the same family may share a device to take similar measurements (e.g., blood pressure) using
an App on their personal device.


<span id='record-a-measurement-for-multiple-users-w/-re-pairing'/>
#### <span class='glyphicon text-success glyphicon-phone'/> <span class='glyphicon text-success glyphicon-dashboard'/> Scenario: Record a Measurement for Multiple Users w/ Re-pairing

It's expected that devices will be able to be shared across users and apps
but that some setup or configuration may be needed when transferred between
users (e.g., pairing the device with the platform on which the app is running).
Many smaller devices can only be paired with one system at a time.

GIVEN
: A <i>&lt;Device&gt;</i> that performs a measurement,

   AND
   : <i>&lt;User1&gt;</i>

   AND
   : <i>&lt;User2&gt;</i>,

   AND
   : an <i>&lt;App&gt;</i> that runs on both user's devices.

WHEN
: The <i>&lt;Device&gt;</i> has been recognized by <i>&lt;App&gt;</i> on <i>&lt;User1&gt;</i>'s device

   AND
   : The <i>&lt;Device&gt;</i> has been recognized by <i>&lt;App&gt;</i> on <i>&lt;User2&gt;</i>'s device

THEN
: The <i>&lt;Device&gt;</i> can take a measurement for <i>&lt;User1&gt;</i>

   AND
   : The <i>&lt;Device&gt;</i> can take a measurement for <i>&lt;User2&gt;</i>

BUT
: The <i>&lt;Device&gt;</i> may need to be configured (e.g., paired with) <i>&lt;AppRunner1&gt;</i> or <i>&lt;AppRunner2&gt;</i> before taking the measurement.


<span id='record-a-measurement-for-multiple-users-w/o-re-pairing'/>
#### <span class='glyphicon text-info glyphicon-phone'/> <span class='glyphicon text-info glyphicon-dashboard'/> Scenario: Record a Measurement for Multiple Users W/o Re-pairing

Ideally, a device should be able to be paired with a small number
of other systems to enable it to be used by different people or
with different systems (e.g., a smart phone or a tablet). This
should not require repairing (though it may require activating
an already paired connection).

GIVEN
: A <i>&lt;Device&gt;</i> that performs a measurement,

   AND
   : <i>&lt;User1&gt;</i>

   AND
   : <i>&lt;User2&gt;</i>,

   AND
   : an <i>&lt;App&gt;</i> that runs on both user's devices.

   AND
   : <i>&lt;AppRunner1&gt;</i> for <i>&lt;User1&gt;</i> that runs <i>&lt;App&gt;</i>

   AND
   : <i>&lt;AppRunner2&gt;</i> for <i>&lt;User2&gt;</i> that runs <i>&lt;App&gt;</i>

WHEN
: The <i>&lt;Device&gt;</i> has been recognized by <i>&lt;App&gt;</i> on <i>&lt;User1&gt;</i>'s device

   AND
   : The <i>&lt;Device&gt;</i> has been recognized by <i>&lt;App&gt;</i> on <i>&lt;User2&gt;</i>'s device

THEN
: The <i>&lt;Device&gt;</i> can take a measurement for <i>&lt;User1&gt;</i>

   AND
   : The <i>&lt;Device&gt;</i> can take a measurement for <i>&lt;User2&gt;</i>

BUT
: The <i>&lt;Device&gt;</i> doe not need to be configured (e.g., paired with) <i>&lt;AppRunner1&gt;</i> or <i>&lt;AppRunner2&gt;</i> before taking the measurement.


<span id='multiple-device-support'/>
### <span class='glyphicon glyphicon-phone'/> <span class='glyphicon glyphicon-dashboard'/> Feature: Multiple Device Support

An app **SHALL** be able to collect data for a given patient
from multiple (possibly identical) devices and identify the device from
which they were collected.


<span id='multiple-device-support'/>
#### Background: Multiple Device Support

The following sections describe further support requirements for similar
and different devices.  The steps below apply to both cases.

GIVEN
: An app <i>&lt;App&gt;</i> that supports a device <i>&lt;Device1&gt;</i> of a particular <i>&lt;Type&gt;</i>

   AND
   : <i>&lt;MeasureSet1&gt;</i> that were acquired through <i>&lt;Device1&gt;</i>

THEN
: Previously recorded <i>&lt;MeasureSet1&gt;</i> still exists

   AND
   : can be distinguished as having come from <i>&lt;Device1&gt;</i>


<span id='replacement-device'/>
##### <span class='glyphicon text-success glyphicon-phone'/> <span class='glyphicon text-success glyphicon-dashboard'/> Scenario: Replacement Device

Patients may replace a broken, failed, lost or otherwise non-functional
device with a new device of a similar type, not lose their existing data maintained
in the app, and yet also be able to distinguish which device took which measurement.

WHEN
: The user acquires <i>&lt;Device2&gt;</i> of the same type <i>&lt;Type&gt;</i>

THEN
: <i>&lt;App&gt;</i> can acquire new measurements <i>&lt;MeasureSet2&gt;</i> from <i>&lt;Device2&gt;</i>

   AND
   : Those measures in <i>&lt;MeasureSet2&gt;</i> can be distinguished as having come from <i>&lt;Device2&gt;</i>


<span id='alternative-device'/>
##### <span class='glyphicon text-info glyphicon-phone'/> <span class='glyphicon text-info glyphicon-dashboard'/> Scenario: Alternative Device

A user should be able to acquire and use a similar or different kind
of device to work with an application to enable data collection
under different circumstances or in different environments.

For example, blood pressure can be measured
on the arm using a traditional pneumatic cuff, or on the wrist using a
different type of device.  The former may be used at home, and the latter
when traveling because it is smaller and easier to carry (but may be
less accurate, or more difficult to use).  The main idea here is that an app can work
with multiple devices with no user intervention after initial configuration.

WHEN
: The user acquires device <i>&lt;Device2&gt;</i> of the same type <i>&lt;Type&gt;</i> or a different type <i>&lt;Type2&gt;</i>

THEN
: <i>&lt;App&gt;</i> can acquire new measurements <i>&lt;MeasureSet2&gt;</i> from <i>&lt;Device2&gt;</i>

   AND
   : <i>&lt;App&gt;</i> can acquire new measurements <i>&lt;MeasureSet3&gt;</i> from <i>&lt;Device1&gt;</i>

   AND
   : Measures in <i>&lt;MeasureSet3&gt;</i> can be distinguished as having come from <i>&lt;Device1&gt;</i>

   AND
   : Measures in <i>&lt;MeasureSet2&gt;</i> can be distinguished as having come from <i>&lt;Device2&gt;</i>


<span id='user-manual-entry'/>
### <span class='glyphicon text-info glyphicon-phone'/> <span class='glyphicon text-info glyphicon-cloud'/> Feature: User Manual Entry

  An App **SHOULD** allow for manual recording of data from external sources.

  Users of a device or app for tracking a particular type of measurement may also want to keep track of externally generated
  measurements for the purposes of verifying device calibration, keeping general track of what the device helps them monitor,
  or for other reasons.


<span id='manual-entry-of-a-measurement'/>
#### Scenario: Manual Entry of a Measurement


GIVEN
: an <i>&lt;App&gt;</i>

   AND
   : <i>&lt;Infrastructure&gt;</i>

   AND
   : a <i>&lt;User&gt;</i>

WHEN
: an external <i>&lt;Measurement&gt;</i> is available to the <i>&lt;User&gt;</i>

THEN
: the <i>&lt;User&gt;</i> can record <i>&lt;Measurement&gt;</i> in the <i>&lt;App&gt;</i>

   AND
   : the <i>&lt;Infrastructure&gt;</i> can report that <i>&lt;Measurement&gt;</i>

