{% comment %} ********************************************************************************************** {% endcomment %}
{% comment %} *                               WARNING: DO NOT EDIT THIS FILE                               * {% endcomment %}
{% comment %} *                                                                                            * {% endcomment %}
{% comment %} * This file is generated by SUSHI. Any edits you make to this file will be overwritten.      * {% endcomment %}
{% comment %} *                                                                                            * {% endcomment %}
{% comment %} * To change the contents of this file, edit the original source file at:                     * {% endcomment %}
{% comment %} * C:\Users\kboone\git\fhir-project-mhealth\ig-data\input\pagecontent\18_system_attributes.md * {% endcomment %}
{% comment %} ********************************************************************************************** {% endcomment %}

System attributes describe dynamic attributes of a system to one of its clients. While
dynamic and changeable, these are often infrequently altered.  Features in this category
enable other systems to determine metadata about the system and its current state.

Concepts that would be expressed as system attributes include device identity, software
and/or firmware versions[^1].  They may also include information about the current system
state (e.g., the current charge level of the battery used to operate the system, the
current position of the device in GPS coordinates, the most recent ambient tempurature
measured, et cetera).  Attributes are different from recorded measurements because they
can be queried.  When the queried attribute is stored with a timestamp and other metadata,
it effectively becomes a measurement.

[^1]: The distinction between software and firmware is getting rather fuzzy these days.
The ability to upgrade a device by "installing new firmware" is nothing more than changing
the software that it runs.  Generally the distinction is made that "it's soft" if it
can be easily changed, and "firm" if it requires a special mode of operation to change
it.  But it's all stored in some form of memory that is very likely rewritable.


<span id='the-mechanism-to-obtain-the-system-configuration-is-documented.'/>
### <span class='glyphicon text-success glyphicon-phone'/> <span class='glyphicon text-success glyphicon-dashboard'/> <span class='glyphicon text-success glyphicon-cloud'/> Feature: The Mechanism to Obtain the System Configuration is Documented.

The means by which a system configuration can be inspected is documented.

Configuration includes the system identifier, software version, and other
configurable system attributes (e.g., units).


<span id='the-means-to-access-system-configuration-shall-be-documented'/>
#### <span class='glyphicon text-success glyphicon-phone'/> <span class='glyphicon text-success glyphicon-dashboard'/> Scenario: The Means to Access System Configuration Shall be Documented


GIVEN
: a <i>&lt;System&gt;</i>

   AND
   : <i>&lt;Documentation&gt;</i> for it

WHEN
: the <i>&lt;Documentation&gt;</i> is examined

THEN
: the means by which the <i>&lt;Configuration&gt;</i> can be examined for <i>&lt;System&gt;</i> is documented.


<span id='device-can-be-identified'/>
### <span class='glyphicon text-success glyphicon-phone'/> <span class='glyphicon text-success glyphicon-dashboard'/> <span class='glyphicon text-success glyphicon-cloud'/> Feature: Device Can be Identified

    The device that performs a measurement **SHALL** be uniquely identified.

Each type of device has attributes with regard to precision, accuracy and quality which
can impact the interpretation of measurements taken by the device.  Knowledge of the
device helps greatly in interpreting the results.


<span id='device-identifier-is-unique'/>
#### Scenario: Device Identifier is Unique

    The device identifier shall be unique within the namespace defined by the system
    (Device + App + Infrastructure).

    The point of this assessment is that the mechanism by which devices are identified
be sufficient demonstrate that identifiers are unique.

GIVEN
: A <i>&lt;Device&gt;</i> that performs a measurement

   AND
   : an <i>&lt;App&gt;</i> that records a measurement

   AND
   : <i>&lt;Infrastructure&gt;</i> that reports a measurement

   AND
   : An <i>&lt;Identifier&gt;</i> for that <i>&lt;Device&gt;</i>

WHEN
: The mechanism for assigning <i>&lt;Identifier&gt;</i> is examined

THEN
: <i>&lt;Identifier&gt;</i> is uniquely assigned to <i>&lt;Device&gt;</i>


<span id='the-device-has-a-unique-device-identifier-(udi)'/>
#### <span class='glyphicon text-info glyphicon-phone'/> <span class='glyphicon text-info glyphicon-dashboard'/> <span class='glyphicon text-info glyphicon-cloud'/> Scenario: The Device Has a Unique Device Identifier (UDI)

    The device should have a UDI.

    The [Unique Device Identification System](https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/unique-device-identification-system-udi-system/udi-basics)
(UDI System) enables users of device related data to identify the devices providing measurements
and enables analysis of device data with regard to issues, errors, accuracy, et cetera.

NOTE: The UDI need not be the primary identifier for the device

GIVEN
: A <i>&lt;Device Record&gt;</i>

WHEN
: The <i>&lt;Device Record&gt;</i> is examined

THEN
: The <i>&lt;Device Record&gt;</i> contains a UDI for the device


<span id='network-address'/>
### <span class='glyphicon text-info glyphicon-phone'/> <span class='glyphicon text-info glyphicon-dashboard'/> Feature: Network Address

    The network address of a device **SHOULD** be reported.

    The network address can be the physical network address (e.g., MAC address) or other identifier
    assigned to uniquely identify the device on a network (wired or unwired)


<span id='network-address-can-be-accessed'/>
#### Scenario: Network Address Can be Accessed


GIVEN
: A <i>&lt;Device Record&gt;</i>

   AND
   : a <i>&lt;Network Address&gt;</i>

   AND
   : an <i>&lt;App&gt;</i> running on <i>&lt;App Runner&gt;</i>

WHEN
: The <i>&lt;Device&gt;</i> is connected to the <i>&lt;App&gt;</i> and <i>&lt;App Runner&gt;</i>

THEN
: <i>&lt;Network Address&gt;</i> can be discovered


<span id='network-address'/>
### <span class='glyphicon text-success glyphicon-phone'/> <span class='glyphicon text-success glyphicon-dashboard'/> <span class='glyphicon text-success glyphicon-cloud'/> Feature: Network Address

    The network address of a device can be discovered.


<span id='network-address-can-be-accessed'/>
#### Scenario: Network Address Can be Accessed


GIVEN
: A <i>&lt;Device Record&gt;</i>

   AND
   : a <i>&lt;Network Address&gt;</i>

WHEN
: The <i>&lt;Device Record&gt;</i> is examined

THEN
: <i>&lt;Network Address&gt;</i> can be found in <i>&lt;Device Record&gt;</i>


<span id='battery-charge'/>
### <span class='glyphicon text-info glyphicon-phone'/> <span class='glyphicon text-info glyphicon-dashboard'/> Feature: Battery Charge

    The level of battery charge for a device **SHOULD** be reported.

    Reporting the battery charge level for a device enables an App to alert
    a user that the device needs recharging.


<span id='battery-charge-can-be-accessed'/>
#### Scenario: Battery Charge Can be Accessed


GIVEN
: A <i>&lt;Device Record&gt;</i>

   AND
   : a <i>&lt;Charge Level&gt;</i>

WHEN
: The <i>&lt;Device&gt;</i> is connected to the <i>&lt;App&gt;</i> and <i>&lt;App Runner&gt;</i>

THEN
: <i>&lt;Charge Level&gt;</i> for <i>&lt;Device&gt;</i> is reported by <i>&lt;App&gt;</i>

